README.md, before:

# fitnessefixtures
The FitNesse Fixtures in this repository are created as part of an overall solution for automating the test cycle.
Visit https://fitnesse.solutions for more info.
and for downloads of compiled versions.

## Linux installation ReadMe
The readme for Linux can be found in the directory 'linuxscripts', here on github: https://github.com/consag/fitnessefixtures/tree/master/linuxscripts


## Download
You can download the jar with all compiled fixtures from the release tab.

## Fixtures in action

Some fixtures can be seen in action on our fitnesse.solutions website: https://fitnesse.solutions/ConsagDemo, e.g. the fixture to start an Informatica PowerCenter workflow: https://fitnesse.solutions/ConsagDemo.StartWorkflow 

## Fixture documentation
Check the properties files, [Properties files on gist](https://gist.github.com/jacbeekers), here on github with examples for the fixture.properties, application.properties and other important properties files.

[Start Workflow example](https://gist.github.com/jacbeekers/2dd0c97d2b3f98457a1223af83341a09)

[Stop Workflow example](https://gist.github.com/jacbeekers/f26644b32de471b843f57ba14fe7af59)

## FitNesse Configuration
Fixtures rely on various parameters that need to be set up in properties files. Not all fixtures use all properties files.
Check our [wiki](https://github.com/consag/fitnessefixtures/wiki/Fixture-configuration) for more information.

## Consag Fixtures - Properties file examples
If you're wondering what you need to put in the properties files, check out our [examples on GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=user%3Ajacbeekers+properties&ref=searchresults).

Commit message:

Update to better indicate movement to sourceforge

README.md, after:

# fitnessefixtures
The FitNesse Fixtures in this repository are created as part of an overall solution for automating the test cycle.

## Moved to sourceforge
Updates are available on sourceforge: https://sourceforge.net/projects/fitnessefixtures/

## Fixture documentation
Check the properties files, [Properties files on gist](https://gist.github.com/jacbeekers), here on github with examples for the fixture.properties, application.properties and other important properties files.

[Start Workflow example](https://gist.github.com/jacbeekers/2dd0c97d2b3f98457a1223af83341a09)

[Stop Workflow example](https://gist.github.com/jacbeekers/f26644b32de471b843f57ba14fe7af59)

## FitNesse Configuration
Fixtures rely on various parameters that need to be set up in properties files. Not all fixtures use all properties files.
Check our [wiki](https://github.com/consag/fitnessefixtures/wiki/Fixture-configuration) for more information.

## Consag Fixtures - Properties file examples
If you're wondering what you need to put in the properties files, check out our [examples on GitHub Gist](https://gist.github.com/search?utf8=%E2%9C%93&q=user%3Ajacbeekers+properties&ref=searchresults).
