!1 Example how to start stored procedures - Parallel proposal
----
 
!define TEST_SYSTEM {slim} 
!path ../fitnesse/java_workspace/fixtures
!path ../fitnesse/sqldeveloper/jdbc/lib/ojdbc6.jar
!path ../fitnesse/java_workspace/fixtures/generic/fixtures/PowerCenterWS


|import                       |
|generic.fixtures.Global      |
|generic.fixtures.PWCFixture  |
|generic.fixtures.LinuxFixture|
|generic.fixtures.DBFixture   |


!3 Start some PLSQL jobs in parallel

The "check add to batch" rows start the specified PLSQL procedure and assigns an identifier to it. The identifier must be used in a later step to determine the result.
The identifier can be anything. Make sure to use unique identifiers. If not, the outcome of the fixture will be undetermined.
The "ensure batch completed" row is mandatory if you want to wait for all PLSQL procedures to complete before you continue.
The "check run with id" rows use the previously (with "check add to batch") provided identifier to check whether the PLSQL procedure execution was successful or not.
Optionally, you can use "show | errors" or "show | sql results" to get an unformatted output of any errors or PLSQL procedure executions.


|script |call stored procedure                                  |
|set database name|SDQ_DATA|
|check|add to batch|dbms_mview.refresh('mv_g_relation','C')|with id|mv_g_relation|has rc|OK|
|check|add to batch|dbms_mview.refresh('mv_g_commercialgroup','C')|with id|mv_g_commercialgroup|has rc|OK|
|check|add to batch|dbms_mview.refresh('mv_g_insolvency','C')|with id|mv_g_insolvency|has rc|OK|
|check|add to batch|dbms_mview.refresh('MV_G_INDUSTRYCLASSIFICATION','C')|with id|MV_G_INDUSTRYCLASSIFICATION|has rc|OK|
|check|add to batch|dbms_mview.refresh('MV_G_INDUSTRY','C')|with id|MV_G_INDUSTRY|has rc|OK|
|ensure|batch completed|
|check|run with id|mv_g_relation|completed with rc|OK|
|check|run with id|mv_g_commercialgroup|completed with rc|OK|
|check|run with id|mv_g_insolvency|completed with rc|OK|
|check|run with id|MV_G_INDUSTRYCLASSIFICATION|completed with rc|OK|
|check|run with id|MV_G_INDUSTRY|completed with rc|OK|

optionally, include |show|erros| or |show|sql results|
